versatility with the word comprehensive but that can translate the spirit of the
prism now in the 2012 version
the novelties are due to internal and external design as well as new
settings
in the drawing the prism now has the front that follows the new identity
global chevrolet
the new flu has an elegant chrome contour
already in the rear gained a chrome bar that increased the refinement in the car
following the pattern used in the vectra sedan
the door handles and mirrors are painted in the color of the vehicle
regardless of version ls or nearby
on the inside of the chevrolet prisma 2012 the steering wheel is brand new and
with attention-grabbing finish
in the instrument panel the senator said blue minassian called
Caicedo Lula
be used in other models of the brand as the article we will analyze this
of cabin
other novelties are the mirrors in the
to its holder
and new air-conditioning controls
the fabrics of the seats are unpublished
in the doors a base formed to increase the scientific rigor new
to increase the comfort of occupants
air
available in dotted versions 0 21 point 4 liters
the 2012 prism engines are the most powerful in its class
a point 0 flex power vh cerri generates 78 horses
while a herculaneum complex 4 points with 97 horses with the results of
performance and economy and therefore in its segment
to brake the silence on board the prism receive a new insulation package
acoustic
the 2012 prism that is produced in the industrial complex high motive of
gravataí in rio grande do sul
one of the most efficient and productive factories in